Add user story for writing a grouped dataset/graph from generator/iterator. (#197)
Jelly-RDF/pyjelly: docs/getting-started.md

Here, `parse_jelly_flat` returns a generator of stream events (i.e., statements parsed), allowing for efficient triple-level processing and building custom aggregations from the stream.

> ### Writing streamed data through iterator

Reviewer: to match current getting-started, I would call it smth like
```suggestion
### Serializing a stream of graphs
```

{{ code_example('rdflib/03_parse_autodetect.py') }}

### Writing streamed data through iterator

If you have a generator object containing data/graphs (ex. loaded through a stream), you can easily write it into the `.jelly` format, like in the example given in: 

{{ code_example('rdflib/06_serialize_iterator.py')}}

> In general, loading graphs through a stream allows for easier splits given by some logic (ex. you can manually group each graph by date), which may be useful for future tasks,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In general, loading graphs through a stream allows for easier splits given by some logic (e.g., you can manually group each graph by date), which may be useful for future tasks,
```

while also preserving internal structure of each graph.

> !!! warning 

Author: 😱. Ok now it is back in the extension section 😎 however, we will have to probably renumber the example cases.
